# Meeting Minutes - *11 September 2025*

## Attendees

- Jonah Dorant
- Batu Erata
- Yi Fu Li
- Kelvin Luong
- Abhishek Thakur
- Jia Cheng Wang
- Anthony Wilson
- Clarence Zhen

## Goals

- Find out who does what
- Figure out the additional requirements to add on top of the current project requirements
- Start the deliverables for Sprint 1:
	- Project README.md
	- User stories

## Discussion Points

### Task delegation

- Validation & Support: Lerry and Batu
- Frontend: Kelvin, YiFu, Abhi
- Backend: Jonah, Anthony, Clarence

### Additional Requirements

Additional Features (1-2):
- GoogleMap
- Raffle
- Discount Code <===
- Tech support button <===
- I feeling lucky button
- Interactive Map
- Suggestions based of previous events
- Reviews

### Starting User Stories

User Stories:
rewrite the core features as the 3 primary users: 

Users:
Browse events
Save events
Free Ticket claim
Purchase Ticket
Check into event with QR

Organizers:
Manage event
Create event
View analytics
Which analytics
Export analytics
Track attendance

General:
Role delegation
Login and Registration

Admin:
Moderate listings

## Actions & Decisions
- Discuss about refund if its a core feature 
- User stories to be prepared as Github issues using the discussion points as skeleton for it

- Validation team: to learn about Github actions to automate testing
